In the last video we learned about the props we can output this utility information.
And regarding the history object do utility methods even we can use to navigate around or find out where
we are at now.
What if we actually want to get this information not in one of our containers.
So not in a component which was loaded through a route as defined in the block as fall but in a component
which is rendered as part of such a container like the Post's container the post container is loaded
with this route here in the block container and the post container simply renders the post component
then.
Now if we go into that post component and for a second we turn does post component into a component
where we actually return J as X like this.
If we dare.
Now console log the props.
Then you will actually see that the props in the post component's we see that four times because we're
rendering four posts is just offer a clicked title.
There is no match location history prop in there as we have it in the posts component pleuro not a single
one.
So the routing relay the props are not passed down the componentry we can't access them in components
which we simply embed as part of d.j as X code of a container.
Now if you wanted to use the props there are two ways to get access.
One of course is we can pass them on with the spread operator and this props this passes any props.
This post container has onto the post component.
Of course it could also explicitly target certain props like for example if you want to pass on the
matched property.
We could also do this props match.
Now this is one way of passing it on.
But there also is a higher order component we can use on the post component there.
We can import something which is called with router from re-act router Daum.
Now with router is a higher order component which we use by wrapping our export with it just like that.
With this added If we now save all files you see that now that the props are output for the individual
posts they do have a history location and match property.
So with router Anstey's props to Avro components to any component we wrap with it.
So with router is a nice way of making dat component route aware and it will use or it will get to prop's
containing information for the nearest loaded route.
So in this case since post is included in posts we get the same probs as we receive in posts.
I'm going to remove it here but this is one way for you to get access to routing related prop's which
you might need for calling push on the history Propp or for getting information about the loaded route.
This is one way of getting access.
Using this approach of accessing prop's with the higher order component here.
Now again I'm removing it here.
So I'm going back to the original state for my post component.
I just wanted to share this with you.